So next, we're going to talk through three different scenarios that
will help you gauge how well you're doing at absorbing the information
that we have presented within this module.
So here in our first scenario,
we're going to be looking at Elliot, and he is an operations engineer at a
financial services company. And he recently, by chance,
discovered that someone had disabled a key security setting on a server.
Now he's really concerned that events like this are going to go undetected,
there's no way to know about them, and he's afraid they're going to have a data
breach and then it's going to become a huge deal.
So for Elliot and his company,
which service would allow the organization to continuously
track configuration of infrastructure?
Okay, next, we're going to be talking about James,
and he is the lead architect at a SaaS company, a Software as a Service company,
and they're going to be launching a new application
that includes several components.
It has some EC2 instances,
some Lambda instances, it's also going to have some S3 buckets and some SNS
topics and SQS queues. And he's looking to minimize the manual work that is
required to create this infrastructure. So they're going to be launching dev
environments and prod environments and testing environments and they don't want
to have to do this manually every time.
So, what service would enable James to automate much of this effort?
Okay, our last scenario here has to do with Candace,
and she is the CTO at a manufacturing company. And a cloud
server that was needed to support their manufacturing
process was accidentally deleted.
Now they've managed to fix that issue,
but they want to follow up with the individual that
accidentally deleted that server so they can help them
know how to not do that next time.
So if they wanted to figure out who this individual is,
what service would they leverage so they can go back and
find out who performed this action?
So in the next clip, we'll be walking through a summary of what we covered in this module and looking at the answers to these scenarios.